Add C++savvy API over Bootstrap's Flat-C API (#2191)
microsoft/WindowsAppSDK: specs/dynamicdependencies/DynamicDependencies.md

/// @warning Packages made available via MddBootstrapInitialize() and
///          the Dynamic Dependencies API should not be used after this call.
STDAPI_(void) MddBootstrapShutdown() noexcept;

// C++ friendly APIs
#if defined(__cplusplus)

> #if defined(WINDOWSAPPSDK_RELEASE_MAJORMINOR) && defined(WINDOWSAPPSDK_RELEASE_VERSION_TAG_W) && defined(WINDOWSAPPSDK_RUNTIME_VERSION_UINT64)

Reviewer: Can you add a sample use of the types? The test is instructive, but providing that canonical `WinMain` instance would help.

Author: Thanks for the reminder! I thought about that and got distracted

    /// Call MddBootstrapInitialize and fail-fasts if it fails; returns an RAII objecct that reverts
    ///
    /// Initialize the calling process to use Windows App SDK's framework package.
    ///
    /// Find a Windows App SDK framework package meeting the criteria and make it available
    /// for use by the current process. If multiple packages meet the criteria the best
    /// candidate is selected.
    ///
    /// @param majorMinorVersion major and minor version of Windows App SDK's framework package, encoded as `0xMMMMNNNN` where M=Major, N=Minor (e.g. 1.2 == 0x00010002).
    /// @param versionTag version tag (if any), e.g. "preview1".
    /// @param minVersion the minimum version to use
    /// @see Initialize(uint32_t, PCWSTR, PackageVersion)
    /// @see Initialize_nothrow(uint32_t, PCWSTR, PackageVersion)
    /// @see Shutdown()
    WI_NODISCARD inline unique_mddbootstrapshutdown_call Initialize_failfast(
        uint32_t majorMinorVersion = WINDOWSAPPSDK_RELEASE_MAJORMINOR,
        PCWSTR versionTag = WINDOWSAPPSDK_RELEASE_VERSION_TAG_W,
        PackageVersion minVersion = WINDOWSAPPSDK_RUNTIME_VERSION_UINT64);

#if defined(WIL_ENABLE_EXCEPTIONS)

>     /// Call MddBootstrapInitialize and throws an exception if it fails; returns an RAII objecct that reverts

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    /// Call MddBootstrapInitialize and throws a wil::ResultException exception if it fails; returns an RAII object that reverts
```
Should clarify what kind of exception, so people can catch it.

Author: Should we? Or is that an implementation detail?

If we document it we're declaring the exception as part of the interface. Changing that in the future would be a breaking change.

C++ coding guidelines say (E.30: Don’t use exception specifications](https://isocpp.github.io/CppCoreGuidelines/CppCoreGuidelines#Re-specifications). Are you saying we should document exceptions but not declare them?

Do we have precedent or is this new territory we should bring up at API Review?

Reviewer 2: Document the exceptions, but don't put them in the function prototype. (Starting in C++17, if you try to put them in the prototype, you get a compiler error.)

This is consistent with the C++ standard library, which documents what exceptions can be thrown by each method in the specification, but does not use `throw(blah)` annotations on the prototype.

Author: Per API Design:

* DO use C++/WinRT for error handling and exceptions/throwing
* DO NOT require WIL to use C++ APIs
* DO use std::unique_ptr<> with custom deleter for the cleanup method type (instead of wil::unique_call)
* DO document throwing a C++/WinRT exception (not just a std::exception)
  * the thrown C++/WinRT exception is part of the API contract. It would be a Breaking Change if it changes in the future
